VA is a customer service organization
and our primary mission is to serve Veterans
and their families.
VA serves the population of 26 million Veterans
and their spouses, survivors, and dependents.
And nearly 3/4 of these living Veterans
served during a war or period of conflict.
VA also serves a growing number of women Veterans.
Currently there are 1.7 million women Veterans,
or 7% of the total population of Veterans.
About 1/4 of the nation's population
is potentially eligible for VA benefits.
VA's responsibility to care for those who serve
can last a lifetime, or far beyond a lifetime.
The last dependent of a Revolutionary War
Veteran died in 1911.
The last Veteran of the Spanish-American War died in 1992.
152 children and widows of the Spanish-American War
still receive VA compensation or pension benefits.
Five children of Civil War Veterans
still receive VA benefits.